Subsystem: Commercial Vehicle
TOC Title: Motor Claim
Page Title: Motor Claim screen
URL: https://supportcentre.opengi.co.uk/mobiusguides/Subsystems/Commercial/Commercial_Vehicles/Motor_Claim.htm
Source TOC: https://supportcentre.opengi.co.uk/mobiusguides/Subsystems/Commercial/Data/Tocs/HTML_Commercial_Vehicle_TOC_Chunk0.js

Online Guides Selector
Core Guides
Mobius/V Guides
Ratings/IHP Plus Guides
Insurer Guides
Digital Product Guides
You are here:
Motor Claim screen
This screen is displayed when you click
or
in the Claims Summary screen. This screen is used to record the details of any previous claims (against previous policies) which may affect the premium quoted for the new policy.
See
Claims Summary screen
for more details on working in this screen.
You can supply details relating to any accidents or claims, with the relevant claims status, details and costs.
Claim Reference
Type a reference for the claim.
Incident Date
Type the incident date. You cannot enter a future date in this field.
Format: DD/MM/YYYY
Claim Type
Select the claim type.
If you select
Theft
from the drop-down list, the
Theft From Home Address
field is enabled.
Values: ABI code List 22
Theft From Home Address?
Select the
Yes
or the
No
radio button.
This field is only enabled when you select
Theft
from the
Claim Type
drop-down list.
Details
Select the claim details from the drop-down list.
Values: TGSL defined
Example: No TP Involved, From Home (recovered) - Repaired, From Home (recovered) - Total Loss, Away From Home (recovered) - Repaired, Away From Home (recovered) - Total Loss, Insured Hit TP, Insured Hit Multiple TP, Lost Control, TP Hit Insured, Insured Hit Person, Insured Hit
Claim Status
Select the claim status from the drop-down list.
Values: TGSL defined
Example: No Claim Made, Outstanding, Settled
Description
Type a short description of the claim incident.
Amount
Enter the claim amount.
Insurer Claim Code/Number
Type the claim Code or the Insurer Claim Number.
ULR Ref. Number
Type the ULR (Uninsured Loss Recovery) reference number.
NCD Prejudiced?
Tick if this claim is NCD (No Claims Discount) prejudiced, untick if not.
At Fault?
Tick if your client is at fault, untick if not.
Bodily Injury?
Tick if there is bodily injury, untick if not.
Incurred On This Policy?
Tick if bodily injury is incurred on this claim, untick if not.
Incurred On
Select the appropriate vehicle.
Values: TGSL defined
Example: Motorcycle, Private Car
After you save the record as a policy, you can modify claim information from the Claims Summary screen. See
Claims Summary screen
for more information on this screen.
Open GI