Subsystem: Commercial Vehicle
TOC Title: Vehicle Cover
Page Title: Commercial Vehicle Cover screen
URL: https://supportcentre.opengi.co.uk/mobiusguides/Subsystems/Commercial/Commercial_Vehicles/Vehicle_Cover.htm
Source TOC: https://supportcentre.opengi.co.uk/mobiusguides/Subsystems/Commercial/Data/Tocs/HTML_Commercial_Vehicle_TOC_Chunk0.js

Online Guides Selector
Core Guides
Mobius/V Guides
Ratings/IHP Plus Guides
Insurer Guides
Digital Product Guides
You are here:
Commercial Vehicle Cover screen
This screen is used to select the required level of use, cover, voluntary excess and NCD if applicable. It is displayed after the Modifications screen; see
Modifications screen
for more information on that screen.
Commercial Vehicle Cover
What cover is required?
Select the type of cover needed from the drop-down list.
Values: ABI code list 2
Voluntary Excess
Select the voluntary excess from the drop-down list.
Values: TGSL defined
Example: 0, 50, 75, 100, 150, 200, 250, 300, 350, 400, 450, 500, 600, 700, 800, 900, 1000
No Claims Pane
NCD
Type the number of years NCD (No Claims Discount).
If NCD is zero, the
Reason
field is activated.
Reason
Select the reason for zero years NCD from the drop-down list.
Values: TGSL defined
NCD Entitlement Reason
Select the reason from the drop-down list.
Values: ABI Code List 83
Type
Select the type from the drop-down list	.
Values: TGSL defined
Country Earned
Select the country earned from the drop-down list.
If you select any country other than UK, your are prompted to reply to the message "Check Continuous Residency?".
Values: ABI code list 32
Protected NCD?
Tick the check box if the client has protected their NCD, untick if not.
NCD In Use On Other Vehicle
Tick the check box if the NCD is in use on an other vehicle, untick if not.
Previous Insurance pane
Insurer Name
Select the name of the previous insurer from the drop-down list.
Values: ABI code list 81
Policy Number
Type the previous policy number.
Expiry Date
Type the date the previous insurance expired.
Format: DD/MM/YYYY
Other Motor NCD / Details pane
Other Motor NCD
Type the number of NCD years.
Type of NCD
Select the type of NCD from the drop-down list.
Values: ABI code list 7 (sub list 001)
Years Claim Free
Type the number of claim free years.
Insurer
Select the name of the previous insurer from the drop-down list.
Values: ABI code list 81
Is Policy Still Current
Tick the check box if the policy is still current, untick if not.
Driving Restriction Of Other Vehicle
Select the driving restriction of the other vehicle from the drop-down list.
Values: ABI code list 96
Open GI