Subsystem: Mobius Claims
TOC Title: The Classes of Business Page
Page Title: The Classes of Business Page
URL: https://supportcentre.opengi.co.uk/mobiusguides/Subsystems/Mobius_Claims/MC/TCC_-_Available_Data_Captures_Page.htm
Source TOC: https://supportcentre.opengi.co.uk/mobiusguides/Subsystems/Mobius_Claims/Data/Tocs/Mobius_Claims_TOC_Chunk0.js

Online Guides Selector
Core Guides
Mobius/V Guides
Ratings/IHP Plus Guides
Insurer Guides
Digital Product Guides
You are here:
The Classes of Business Page
Using your internet browser, log in to
Mobius Claims
. For details, see
Logging in to Mobius Claims
. The Dashboard page is displayed.
If you have already logged in, use the direct link in the Top Navigation Bar by clicking the
CONFIGURATION
item on the right. For details on the Top Navigation Bar, see
The Top Navigation Bar
.
The Configuration page provides a central location to access software configuration settings.
Click
CLASSES OF BUSINESS
to open the
Classes of Business
page.
This page updates the data captures. These are the schema files which the client configures for the claim FNOLs. The updates are based on the contents of the LOB csv custom model files which are located in the client resources folder. If you edit the 'script.csv' file to change the location of a question, you must click
UPDATE
for the LOB here to apply the changes to any new claims in
Mobius Claims
.
Columns
Model Name
- Read-only field. This is the name of the LOB folder in client resources custom models).
Imported
- Read-only field. Displays a cross
for 'No' and a tick
mark for 'Yes'.
Version
- Imported Model version
Mapping
- Enter a mapping number. If you have already imported a model, the mapping number cannot be changed here. This number remains as 'X' until you click
IMPORT
, and is incremented every time you click
UPDATE
.
Claim Number Prefix
- Enter a Claim Number prefix. The prefix should indicate the Product Type for the PAS (Policy Administration System) LOB. If you have already imported a model, the claim number prefix cannot be changed here.
Buttons
IMPORT
Normally Development and R&C use this to import a model as part of an initial release.
When you click
IMPORT
the button disappears and a spinner shows in its place. After a short while, the imported column is ticked and the version set to '1.0'. You must complete the
Mapping
and the
Claim Number Prefix
fields to be able to import.
UPDATE
Click this button to refresh the list of available of available data captures.
If these schema files been have changed, the version column will change to reflect this.
If they have not been changed, the message 'Model schema does not need updating' is displayed.
Note: To return from one of the option pages to the Configuration page, select the
CONFIGURATION
option from the Top Navigation Bar.
Open GI