Subsystem: Mobius Claims
TOC Title: The Configurable Lists Page
Page Title: The Configurable Lists Page
URL: https://supportcentre.opengi.co.uk/mobiusguides/Subsystems/Mobius_Claims/MC/TCC_-_List_Configuration_Page.htm
Source TOC: https://supportcentre.opengi.co.uk/mobiusguides/Subsystems/Mobius_Claims/Data/Tocs/Mobius_Claims_TOC_Chunk0.js

Online Guides Selector
Core Guides
Mobius/V Guides
Ratings/IHP Plus Guides
Insurer Guides
Digital Product Guides
You are here:
The Configurable Lists Page
Using your internet browser, log in to
Mobius Claims
. For details, see
Logging in to Mobius Claims
. The Dashboard page is displayed.
If you have already logged in, use the direct link in the Top Navigation Bar by clicking the
CONFIGURATION
item on the right. For details on the Top Navigation Bar, see
The Top Navigation Bar
.
The Configuration page provides a central location to access software configuration settings.
Click
CONFIGURABLE LISTS
to open the
Configurable Lists
page.
Locate and select the list you want to manage from the
Select list
drop-down list.
Cancel Payment Reasons
Close Claim Reason
Closed Status Substatuses
Correspondence types (Correspondence)
Correspondence types (Payment)
Correspondence types (Workflow)
Note Types
Notes and Correspondence Statuses
Open Status Substatuses
Payment Methods (Admin)
Payment Methods (Agent)
Payment Reasons
Recovery Reasons
Reject Payment Reasons
Remove Payment Reasons
Reopened Reason
Supplier Types
In this topic the
Recovery Reasons
list is used as an example. All lists work in the same manner, although some lists may offer more options than others.
The reasons are listed in alphabetical order. Keep this in mind when naming new reasons.
to
Add
a reason - see
Adding Reasons
to
Edit
a reason - see
Editing Reasons
to
Remove
a reason - see
Removing Reasons
If you have selected a given reason list in error, simply locate and select the correct list from the
Select list
drop-down list above.
Note: To return from one of the option pages to the Configuration page, select the
CONFIGURATION
option from the Top Navigation Bar.
Adding Reasons
To add a reason, enter the 'value' for the new reason text in the text box immediately below the title of the reason list; in this example this is 'Recovery Reasons'.
Click the
ADD
button on the left to add the new reason to the list below.
If successful, the message: 'Item has been added' message will briefly be displayed in the lower right of your page.
If this item is added in duplicate, the message: 'Item with provided value already exists' message will briefly be displayed in the lower right of your page.
Editing Reasons
To
edit
a given reason, amend the text in the relevant
Value
column.
Click the
SAVE
button on the right to secure any changes. Alternatively, click any other option in the Top Navigation Bar to discard any changes.
Note: It is good practice to save valid text changes immediately to prevent losing these. You will
not
be notified if you leave this pages without saving any changes.
Removing Reasons
Click the
REMOVE
button on the right to delete a given reason.
Deletions are immediate and cannot be undone
Standard reasons such as "Other" are not editable and cannot be removed
Open GI