Subsystem: Mobius Claims
TOC Title: The Diary Types Page
Page Title: The Diary Types Page
URL: https://supportcentre.opengi.co.uk/mobiusguides/Subsystems/Mobius_Claims/MC/TCC_-_Manage_Diary_Types_Page.htm
Source TOC: https://supportcentre.opengi.co.uk/mobiusguides/Subsystems/Mobius_Claims/Data/Tocs/Mobius_Claims_TOC_Chunk0.js

Online Guides Selector
Core Guides
Mobius/V Guides
Ratings/IHP Plus Guides
Insurer Guides
Digital Product Guides
You are here:
The Diary Types Page
Using your internet browser, log in to
Mobius Claims
. For details, see
Logging in to Mobius Claims
. The Dashboard page is displayed.
If you have already logged in, but are no longer on the Administration page, use the direct link in the Top Navigation Bar by clicking the
ADMINISTRATION
item on the left. For details on the Top Navigation Bar, see
The Top Navigation Bar
.
The Administration page provides a central location to access software related settings.
Click
DIARY TYPES
to open the
Manage Diary Types
page.
Columns
The Manage Diary Types table has the following columns:
Value
- the actual Diary Type, for example: Renewal Reminder 1.
Default Note
- the initial text for notes in a diary that has this diary type.
When a user selects this type from the
Diary Type
drop-down list in a diary, the notes text box is pre-populated with the contents of the
Default Note
field.
Action
- every Diary Type can be removed or amended
To
ADD DIARY TYPE
a new Diary Type, see
Adding a Diary Type
To
DELETE
a Diary Type, see
Removing a Diary Type
To
EDIT
or view a Diary Type, see
Editing a Diary Type
Adding a Diary Type
Click the
ADD DIARY TYPE
button to enter the details for a new Diary Type. This adds a blank line at the bottom of the table.
Enter the appropriate Value and Default Note. You now have the following options:
Click
SAVE
to secure your input. The following message is briefly displayed on the bottom right of the page: 'Item saved'.
Click
CANCEL
to discard the new Diary Type. The 'new' line may not be cleared but it will not appear again after rebuilding the page.
Removing a Diary Type
Note: No confirmation will be asked. The removal of a Diary Type cannot be undone.
Click the
DELETE
button for the Diary Type you want to dispose of. The following message is briefly displayed on the bottom right of the page: 'Item removed'.
Editing a Diary Type
Click the
EDIT
button for the Diary Type you want to amend. This makes the selected line editable.
Amend the Value and Default Note fields as required. You now have the following options:
Click
SAVE
to secure your changes. The following message is briefly displayed on the bottom right of the page: 'Item saved'.
Click
CANCEL
to discard any changes. The changes may not be cleared but the fields will display the previous values after rebuilding the page.
Note: To return from one of the option pages to the Administration page, select the
ADMINISTRATION
option from the Top menu.
Open GI