Subsystem: Mobius Claims
TOC Title: The Workgroups Page
Page Title: The Workgroups Page
URL: https://supportcentre.opengi.co.uk/mobiusguides/Subsystems/Mobius_Claims/MC/TCC_-_Manage_Workgroups_Page.htm
Source TOC: https://supportcentre.opengi.co.uk/mobiusguides/Subsystems/Mobius_Claims/Data/Tocs/Mobius_Claims_TOC_Chunk0.js

Online Guides Selector
Core Guides
Mobius/V Guides
Ratings/IHP Plus Guides
Insurer Guides
Digital Product Guides
You are here:
The Workgroups Page
Using your internet browser, log in to
Mobius Claims
. For details, see
Logging in to Mobius Claims
. The Dashboard page is displayed.
If you have already logged in, but are no longer on the Administration page, use the direct link in the Top menu by clicking the
ADMINISTRATION
item on the left. For details on the Top menu, see
The Top Navigation Bar
.
The Administration page provides a central location to access software related settings.
Click
WORKGROUPS
to open the
Manage Workgroups
page.
To
Add
a new workgroup, see
Adding a new Workgroup
To
Edit
or view a workgroup, see
Editing a Workgroup
Adding a new Workgroup
Click the
ADD NEW WORKGROUP
button to open the (workgroup) Edit page.
You can now add the necessary workgroup details.
Fields
Workgroup name
- enter a meaningful name for the new user group
Email Address
- enter an email address for the new group
Users filter
- this field enables you to quickly filter the list of user names
By entering one or more letters of the user name(s) wanted the full list is limited to those user names that match the letters entered. You can then tick the relevant checkboxes.
This works particularly well if your user names contain locations, or job titles.
Click
SAVE
to secure any changes. Alternatively, click
CANCEL
to discard any changes.
Editing a Workgroup
Click the
EDIT
button for the workgroup you want to amend. This opens the Edit page.
You can now edit any details for the selected workgroup.
Workgroup name - enter a meaningful name for the new user group
Email Address - enter an email address for the new group
Users filter - this field enables you to quickly filter the list of user names
By entering one or more letters of the user name(s) wanted the full list is limited to those user names that match the letters entered. You can then tick the relevant checkboxes.
This works particularly well if your user names contain locations, or job titles.
Click
SAVE
to secure any changes. Alternatively, click
CANCEL
to discard any changes
Note: Workgroups cannot be removed, but you can empty a workgroup of all its members.
Note: To return from one of the option pages to the Administration page, select the
ADMINISTRATION
option from the Top menu.
Open GI